Remove default values from the install prow script (#80)
kyma-project/test-infra: prow-configurations/README.md

In the new window, select all scopes and click **Generate token**.
>**NOTE:** Create a separate bot account instead of using your personal one. If the Prow bot account is the same as the account that creates a job-triggering comment, the job is not triggered.

2. Export the variables, where:
 - **BUCKET_NAME** is a GCS bucket in the Google Cloud project that is used to store Prow Secrets.
 - **KEYRING_NAME** is the KMS key ring.
 - **ENCRYPTION_KEY_NAME** is the key name in the key ring that is used for data encryption.

 >**NOTE:** For more details on setting up Google Cloud Project refer to [Prow Secrets management](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/master/docs/prow-secrets-management.md)

>  The Prow installation script assumes the following service account keys, encrypted with the **ENCRYPTION_KEY_NAME** from **KEYRING_NAME**, is present in **BUCKET_NAME**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The Prow installation script assumes that the following service accounts exist:
 -  **sa-gke-kyma-integration** with a role allowing to create Kubernetes clusters
 - **sa-vm-kyma-integration with roles allowing to provision Virtual Machines
with their keys, encrypted using the **ENCRYPTION_KEY_NAME** from **KEYRING_NAME**, being present in **BUCKET_NAME**
```

>  - **sa-gke-kyma-integration** with a role allowing to create kubernetes clusters.

Reviewer: ~~- **sa-gke-kyma-integration** with a role allowing to create kubernetes clusters.~~

>  - **sa-gke-kyma-integration** with a role allowing to create kubernetes clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
